662 duplicates are not supported in requirements.txt when run with   disable pip (#749)
pypa/pip-audit: CHANGELOG.md

* `pip-audit` now allows some CLI flags to be configured via environment
  variables ([#755](https://github.com/pypa/pip-audit/pull/755))

> ### Changed

Reviewer: This is a bugfix:

```suggestion
### Fixed
```

> * `--disable-pip` allows duplicate requirements if specifiers matches ([#749](https://github.com/pypa/pip-audit/pull/749))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Auditing a fully-pinned requirements file with `--disable-pip` now allows for duplicates, so long as the duplicates don't have conflicting specifier sets ([#749](https://github.com/pypa/pip-audit/pull/749))
```
